Ghost King's purpose, be careful boy, can you?
Relying on the daughter of the Ye family
Compete with us for that order at this auction
No wonder everyone says
You're just a piece of trash who eats soft rice
Hmph, it really lives up to its reputation.
If you only know how to speak
Then don't mess with me
kid
You should have guessed who I am to be so rampant
Aren't you afraid?
A mere left envoy of the Ghost King Gate
What am I afraid of?
Are you very strong?
Not weaker than my Ghost King Sect
I have no door, no faction, no backer, what are you pretending to be?
What a strong breath
Such a powerful aura at such an age
It seems that you are indeed a talent
I've always been miserable
If you give me that alchemy furnace as a gift
I can recommend you to join our ghost king
And make you important
As for the king's service and Yu Wei's affairs
I can let go of the past
It doesn't suit my master's favor
I am willing to let you join my Ghost King Sect
But the blessing of your ancestors
Why don't you kneel down and kowtow? Shane
Join Ghost King Gate
I'm not interested.
It's just a ghost king gate